[bell ringing]
[BECKY]
Good morning, Anya!
Good morning to you,
please, Becky.
Did you watch the new
Berlint in Love yesterday?
Can't believe those
two got back together
after all that bad
stuff between them.
And then when Vincent threw
his arms around her,
I seriously thought my heart
was just gonna explode!
I really only watch
cartoons, you know.
Oh, Anya, still clinging
to childhood, huh?
You're probably not even
interested in romance, are you?
Maybe you're not as mature
as I thought you were.
Is romance, like, being flirty?
It seems you're too young
to understand, Anya.
Love can give you power.
It can even make you
fly through the sky!
[ANYA]
Nuh-uh. Liar.
Jeez, they just got here
and they're already all worked
up over some stupid stuff.
With our midterms
coming up soon,
those two should get
serious and study.
Whoa. Second Son.
[BECKY]
Hm?
[ANYA]
Previously on Spy x Family,
Second Son didn't get
how awesome Bond is,
so trying the friendship scheme
again was a big time fail.
[ANYA] If you can somehow come
up with a super cool name
for your new dog,
then I'll reward you
with an invitation to
my family's mansion.
[ANYA] Will Anya overcome
the no-mercy-having bully
and complete her mission
for world peace?
Anya's battle continues today!
Fanks for watching, everybody!
[ANYA]
So to pull off my mission,
I brought the ultimate
secret weapon with me.
I had Papa get a new family
photo with Bond taken yesterday.
All I gotta do is show
it to Second Son.
[ANYA] Holy cow,
this dog is crazy huge!
We should see who's
got the strongest one,
and by the way, I'm so sorry
I was rude to you before!
[ANYA] His name is Bond,
just so you know.
[chuckles]
[ANYA]
Whoopsie daisy.
I dropped my super cool picture
of me with my super cool dog.
I am such a clumsy girl.
Let me just pick that up now.
[DAMIAN]
It's going to be tough
to narrow these test
questions down.
[EMILE]
Yeah, seriously!
[gasps]
Gosh. Who cares
about those dummies?
This is why you wanna
find a nice, mature guy
and not a bratty little boy.
Huh? It looks like you
dropped something.
Here let me help.
Hm.
[gasps]
[BECKY]
He's amazing!
Who is this tall, blonde,
and dreamy man
with you in the photo, Anya?
Is your father seriously
this good looking?
Why have you never
introduced me to him,
or even told me about
him before now?
What's his name?
What does he do?
What's he like?
And is he single?
[ANYA stammers]
His name is Papa and he's
actually married to Mama!
Okay, but I'll be keeping this.
[laughing]
[BECKY]
Thank you!
[ANYA] Give it back! I need
to show it to Second Son!
They're super obnoxious.
[HENDERSON] It is time for
your arts and crafts class,
but sadly, Master Rodin
seems to have
come down with something.
So I will be leading the
class in his place today.
You will be creating a
three-dimensional model
out of the materials provided,
keeping with the
theme of "animals."
You've been randomly
divided into groups
and given a limited
number of resources
at your respective tables.
You will need to discuss how to
use them amongst yourselves.
[STUDENTS]
Yes, sir.
[HENDERSON]
Group one. Herman Clark...
This sounds like a lot of fun!
What'll you make?
I was thinking maybe--
[DAMIAN] Hmph. This is
some dumb baby stuff.
I've got better things to do.
Oh, yeah, you're
absolutely right!
Someone from class two
was telling me a few
of the school's top dogs
will be coming here to
look at our projects.
[BOY B] Whoa! It might go
on our permanent records!
Hm. Maybe I should
take this seriously.
Hey, listen.
If we end up in the same
group, don't hold me back.
[EMILE, EWEN]
U-Uh...
And as for group four.
We have Damian Desmond
and Anya Forger.
[gasps]
[ANYA]
Now's my chance!
Aw, dang it!
Ugh! I knew something
like this would happen!
You'd better not
even think about
getting in my way, you hear me?
Seems like we ended up in
different groups, huh, Anya?
Gimme my picture.
I gotta show it off.
Huh? But you said I could
have it, didn't you?
[ANYA]
Nu-uh, you big ol' liar!
[BECKY] If you gimme
one with just...
[HENDERSON] Stop running
and sit down this instant.
[ANYA] Well, I guess I'll just
have to use this stuff.
I'll make a cool Bond sculpture
and show it off to Second Son.
[HENDERSON]
All right, children, begin.
[GIRL A]
I'm gonna make a bunny!
[BOY C]
Yeah, me, too!
[BOY D]
Do you have enough paper?
[BOY A] Can I have that
pen when you're done?
[HENDERSON]
It goes without saying
that their creativity
and artistic prowess
will have a large bearing
on their marks,
but what this exercise
will truly show
is how well they can
share limited resources.
Cooperation, flexibility,
assertiveness, and individuality
are also rather elegant traits.
[HENDERSON]
Hmm?
Becky Blackbell, what
is that you're making?
Uh.
This is Anya's dreamy daddy!
[HENDERSON] What? This is
taking creativity too far!
[BECKY]
Look, you can even dress him up
in a Blackbell combat suit.
It's like an optional,
special item.
Creativity is an elegant trait,
but that does not fit the
"animal" theme of the challenge!
Start over, please!
You know, humans are
a kind of animal.
[HENDERSON]
Ah! 'Tis true!
Touché.
I'll allow this, Blackbell.
You win this time.
But my sweet Loid is very
intellectual and evolved,
so he's definitely
no mere animal.
I'll make something else.
[GIRL B gasps]
[ANYA]
All done.
Hm?
Huh?
This guy? His name is Bond.
Wow, I've never known anyone
to name garbage before.
[ANYA gasps]
Operation Doggie
has already failed.
[EWEN]
What operation?
And was she trying
to make a dog?
What are you constructing,
Lord Damian?
Huh?
A griffin. You know,
like in my family crest.
[EMILE] That is a seriously
outstanding choice, I'd say!
[ANYA]
Griffin?
Are they related
to Mister Chimera?
I'm going to need a
lot of paper today,
so you guys better
not use it all.
[GIRL C]
Huh?
You got it!
[DAMIAN] This is the symbol
of my family's honor,
so I have to make
it look amazing.
If it's good enough,
who knows? Maybe...
[DAMIAN]
See, father?
Today, I made a likeness
of the Desmond family's
heraldic beast!
[DONOVAN] Oh, my. This is
quite the accomplishment.
You've expertly captured
the dignity and elegance
our family carries.
Damian, you truly are the pride
and joy of the Desmond family.
[gasps]
[DAMIAN]
It could happen.
[ANYA]
Don't worry, Second Son,
I can help you make
Mister Griffin!
[ANYA] Really? That is so nice
and thoughtful of you!
Thank you so much!
Look, Father! Isn't
this griffin amazing?
The cute and sweet Miss Anya
made half of it for me,
because she's the best!
[ANYA] Uh! I must say, you have
remarkable taste, Anya!
I would love to meet the parents
that raised such a cool
and talented little girl.
They must come over!
[ANYA]
Mission accomplished.
[ANYA] Operation Dog is
now Operation Griffin.
I'm a genius!
[DAMIAN] I'm afraid I won't have
enough time to finish it all.
Those wings alone are
gonna be a pain in the--
[ANYA]
Second Son.
[DAMIAN]
Huh?
I will gladly help
you make your thing.
You can even use my paper.
Huh? What are you talking about?
Make your own, okay?
[ANYA]
I'm done.
[DAMIAN] You're really
going to turn that in?
Are you insane?
[ANYA] I just really want
to help you, that's all.
[DAMIAN]
Uh-Uh...
Fine, whatever!
[BECKY]
Oh!
So that explains what's been
going on with Anya today.
The girl is obviously completely
obsessed with that Damian kid!
[DAMIAN] Well, then I guess
you can make its hind legs.
[ANYA]
Okey-dokey.
[HENDERSON]
Oh?
So it seems they'll
be working as a pair
to create a masterpiece.
Teamwork is extremely elegant,
Forger and Desmond.
[ANYA]
All done!
Huh? What are those?
I said to make legs.
Yeah.
But I wanted to make some cool
jet engines so it can go zoom!
Nobody asked for stupid
stuff like that!
Just give it some
regular feathers, okay?
[ANYA]
Leave it to me.
Ta-da!
Don't "Ta-da" me!
These things are super sloppy!
Do you think it can fly
with that few feathers?
[ANYA]
It's okay.
It'll fly 'cause of
the jet engines, duh!
It's not supposed to have those!
Look, just butt out would ya?
And stop wasting all the paper!
You're worse than useless!
[gasps]
You really don't have to be
so nasty about it, Damian.
Shut up! And hand over
your paper, too!
[HENDERSON]
This aggression cannot stand!
That was extremely inelegant!
[DAMIAN gasps, whimpers]
[HENDERSON]
Would you describe your actions
as "gentlemanly,"
Master Desmond?
[DAMIAN] But I--
Ugh, it doesn't matter.
That stubby little
uggo messed it up,
and there's no time to fix it.
I really wanted Father to see
this and be proud of me.
No need to get flustered.
It won't help you.
At this point, it's up to you to
do your best with what you have.
[DAMIAN]
It still won't be good enough!
[bell rings]
[HENDERSON]
Time's up, children.
Please take your creations and
display them in the hallway.
[EMILE] Heh. Your giraffe's
legs are super stubby.
[EWEN] Well, that mane on your
lion is absolutely ridiculous!
[BECKY] Obviously, mine in
the best one in the class!
[ANYA] Second Son, I'm sorry
I was worse than useless.
So instead of the feathers,
please take this.
Huh? You're giving that to me?
Some sloppy garbage you made?
[ANYA] But I turned it
into a girl griffin, see?
You can make it form
a pair with yours!
Huh?
Why would I need a second
one of them, anyway?
Uhh...
It's 'cause love can make
you fly though the sky.
[DAMIAN]
Huh?
[OFFICIAL A]
I see.
These must be the art projects
from our first graders.
Quite an adorable collection,
wouldn't you say?
Huh? Hm...
Now, what have we here?
[DAMIAN]
Really?
You're telling me my project--
that thing--won first?
[HENDERSON] One of the officials
from the board of trustees
was quite taken with it.
They said, "Despite
its plucked wings,
it stands regal and proud.
A reminder our country will
persist and recover from war."
Uh-Uh, yeah.
[DAMIAN] They actually
saw it, didn't they?
Wow! Great job, sir!
Skillfully done!
[HENDERSON] Apparently,
when he saw the corpse
of the innocent baby
griffin lying next to it,
the poor fellow was unable
to hold back his tears.
[ANYA]
Well, that's wonderful news.
Now, you can show it
off to your father.
[ANYA]
My plan is working!
Huh?! No. I could never show
that pathetic-looking piece
of junk to Father!
[gasps]
[ANYA] Operation Griffin
has failed, too.
[DAMIAN]
Hello? Yes, Jeeves, it's me.
Yeah, did you see that
crazy-looking elephant thing?
[DAMIAN]
I'm fine, thanks. Is Max okay?
[JEEVES]
He is.
Will you be returning for
the break, Master Damian?
No. Father won't be at
home anyway, will he?
[JEEVES]
Your father will not.
But I've heard that Master Demmy
is planning on returning.
[DAMIAN]
I have exams coming up,
so I should stay here to
concentrate on my studies.
[JEEVES] Brilliant.
Such a dedicated student.
Hey, listen. Today, in my arts
and crafts class, we were-- Uh.
It looked totally ridiculous!
[JEEVES]
Hm?
[DAMIAN]
No, never mind.
Jeeves, you told Father
about what happened at
orientation, didn't you?
Did he say anything about it?
[JEEVES]
Oh, yes, he did.
In fact, he was quite
worried about your health.
[DAMIAN]
Such a liar.
I appreciate his concern.
I should be going now.
[DAMIAN] Father has never
actually worried about me.
It just so happened
to work that way!
[DAMIAN]
Ewen, Emile.
Yeah, what is it?
All done with the telephone?
Yep.
After dinner, we should go
and study with the dorm tutor.
Sounds good!
We should work on grammar,
since that appears to be
your weakest subject.
Shut up.
[DAMIAN]
It looks to me...
...like I really will have to
become an Imperial Scholar.
[HENDERSON]
The top prize.
The top prize?
[NARRATOR]
Sylvia Sherwood.
Handler for the Westalis
Intelligence Services
Eastern-Focused
division, or WISE.
Age, [bleep]. Single.
Officially, she's employed
as an attaché
at Westalis's embassy
in the East.
Unofficially, she commands a
number of intelligence agents
despite being under
strict surveillance
by the Secret Police.
Due to her consistently
flawless performance,
she's often called
the "Fullmetal Lady."
At least by her
awe-struck subordinates.
[EASTERN AGENT A]
Don't forget, this is just
a surveillance operation on
Westalis's Secretary Sherwood.
[SYLVIA]
Well, they're quite persistent,
I'll give them that much.
The same clothes. The same
shop. The same route.
Every Wednesday, without fail,
I go to the public pool.
[SYLVIA] This pattern has given
them a sense of routine,
and their slow little minds
come to a dead stop.
The pool again, huh?
[EASTERN AGENT A] She's gonna be
in there for at least an hour.
Let's grab a bite to eat.
[SYLVIA] As long as I can
create some open time,
it's possible for even
me to act freely,
despite being in
enemy territory.
Now, it's off to the meeting
spot with Twilight.
And then he tripped
and fell flat on his face.
I'm tellin' ya, he's an idiot.
[SYLVIA] This coat is pretty
nice. Glad I picked it up today.
A real idiot is one who
lets their guard down.
Carelessness can be
a death sentence.
[SYLVIA] Good day, or perhaps
good evening, Agent Twilight.
This report contains
current holdings
from the Desmond group's
financial statements.
One of them is a paper company,
and though their public
numbers are relatively low...
[TWILIGHT]
I have to hold my tongue.
Can't tell her that
her brand-new coat
still has the tag on it.
No way. It's simply
not my place.
I wouldn't dare correct
the Fullmetal Lady.
[NARRATOR] Loid Forger.
Code name, Twilight.
A WISE agent whose
relentless drive for peace
means he always
gets the job done.
A spy who made the
choice to throw away
any chance at a normal life.
[TWILIGHT]
Every meeting with Handler
puts both our lives at risk.
Which means vigilance
is crucial.
We can't have the
enemy following us.
[SYLVIA] Two to the north,
and one to the east.
[TWILIGHT]
Shall we cancel?
[SYLVIA] No, let's meet
at Point C instead.
And take care of this quickly.
[TWILIGHT]
Roger.
This is how we continuously
exchange information
to preserve the tenuous peace
between East and West.
[SYLVIA] Good day, or perhaps
good evening, Agent Twilight.
Without further ado,
please report your progress
with Operation Strix.
Latest news,
my daughter can clear two
levels on the jump box.
Apparently, she can also jump
rope five times in a row.
[SYLVIA] What? Why in the world
is he telling me this?
[YOR] Yuri! I just cooked
something new for you!
Try my omelet rice!
Whoa! It looks amazing, Sis!
I would've never guessed
that's what it is!
Down the hatch!
[grunting]
[YURI]
Yummy!
It's amazing!
Oh, I'm so glad to hear that!
From now on, I'll be making
you home-cooked meals!
How 'bout some pasta
with cream sauce?
[YURI] Whoa! Are you telling me
that stuff is pasta? Incredible!
[YURI vomits]
[YOR]
Ta-da! Time for cake!
[YURI] Whoa! I didn't know
cake could be this blue!
Thanks so much!
[YURI vomits]
[YURI groaning]
You're probably, like,
the best cook in the world!
I bet that you'll get
married off in no time!
Huh?! Oh, you're being so sweet!
Cut it out, Yuri!
[YOR giggling]
[NARRATOR] That's how this man
built up an invincible body.
You were dizzy
because you'd stayed up
for four nights straight,
and that's when the
truck ran you over?
Be careful.
[YURI]
I'm perfectly fine.
[inaudible]